welcome to the man of recaps this is the
walking dead season 10 episode 19.
this episode's all about father gabriel
and aaron they're on an adventure
together killing a whole bunch of
zombies the blood on the flowers so
artistic
they've got a map that apparently maggie
gave them of places that might
potentially have supplies but all they
find are the skeletons of people that
didn't make it yes we're almost a decade
into the zombie apocalypse at this point
any supplies that are out there have
been found
and it's very disheartening to get your
hopes up but finding nothing except more
dead bodies they're starting to lose
hope as they're headed towards the last
location on the map trekking through the
mud
when oh zombie pulls gabriel down oh
he's all covered in mud now they have a
good laugh
unfortunately though their map is ruined
now it's like whatever let's just go
home
on their way back though they find
something that wasn't marked on the map
it's a big warehouse
there don't seem to be any zombies in
here but there's something in the back
room it's making knocking noises what is
it aaron screams like a little girl and
when father gabriel comes running it was
a wild boar
whoa meanwhile gabriel found some
whiskey so hey it's time to party now
apparently father gabriel's a whiskey
connoisseur he's like yo this is a
really nice bottle you gotta smell the
aromas
aaron's like yeah man that smells good
but i mean just fill me up so these two
have a great night together drinking
plain poker father gabriel tells a story
for like 25 minutes about his mentor and
the ministry in the end aaron's like you
know what man you've renewed my optimism
i want to get back out there try to find
people and help them bring them back to
alexandria like i used to but father
gabriel's like oh no i mean i put on a
brave face but i don't believe in
optimism anymore
evil people aren't the exception to the
rule
they are the rule so the next morning
gabriel wakes up with a monster hangover
but aaron is gone
there's someone else in the warehouse
here whoa this guy's all scarred up
turns out this warehouse is where he
lives and he's like man i was saving
that whiskey i went through all the
trouble of trapping that boar in the
office and you guys just ate it they're
like oh sorry man can we make it up to
you but he's like no i'm bored and now
that i got you here i'm gonna make you
play russian roulette it's like yeah on
your turn you can either point the gun
out yourself or at your friend and this
is supposed to prove that like
in the end all people are bad gabriel
and aaron though not about to shoot each
other during their first turns they each
point at themselves but
oh they're safe and after another round
when it's back to aaron's turn oh it
clicks sounds different you know it's
loaded this time this guy tells the
story of how he was with his brother and
his family but they turned on him tried
to steal his food so he had to kill him
father gabriel's really laying into him
like hey just because bad things happen
to you doesn't mean all people are bad
like we're trying to still be good
this whole conversation was a fantastic
opening for aaron to shoot this guy with
the loaded gun while he was super
distracted but they don't so it's like
come on man you gotta pick i know you're
gonna shoot your friend but aaron
doesn't he's gonna go for himself three
two one but how he stops him father
gabriel's like hey man it's not too late
to save yourself come on back to
alexandria like we're a happy community
so they put the guns away he unties him
he's like my name is mays but just then
oh
father gabriel kills him with aaron's
mace arm
aaron's pretty surprised it's like oh i
thought we were redeeming him but father
gabriel's like nah
screw that guy now turns out he had a
secret room in the attic and up here
is his brother who he's kept prisoner
yes he didn't kill his brother he made
his brother play the russian roulette
game with his family and his brother
killed his own family and now he manages
to grab the gun from gabriel and shoots
himself
so this whole thing was a mess all
around as they're headed back they find
the water tower that was the last
location marked on maggie's map and it's
like should we do one more it's like
we'll do one more
and that's how episode 19 comes to an
end if you like this recap hit that
subscribe button for more of the best
recaps of tv and movies and if you love
this recap check out the join button and
support the channel as a member